Unit tests for Session Manager Web Service Client
=================================================
This is the most complicated unit test suite and requires a number of services
to be running:
 * Test Session Manager web service run from this directory
 * MyProxy server
 * Two test Attribute Authorities run from the Attribute Authority unit test
 directory ../attAuthority
 
It is worthwhile trying out the Attribute Authority (../attAuthority) and 
Session Manager (../sessionMgr) unit tests first.  These tests differ from
the Session Manager unit tests in that they test a SOAP *client* to a 
Session Manager web service whereas the Session Manager tests just the server
side code. 

MyProxy is installed as part of the NDG Security installation.  See the 
installation guide for details:

http://proj.badc.rl.ac.uk/ndg/browser/TI12-security/trunk/documentation/InstallationGuide/pdf/NDGSecurityInstallationGuide.pdf?format=raw

1) Ensure MyProxy is running on it's host machine.  Depending on how you have
configured it it may be running as SysV init script or with xinetd or inetd.
Check with the Installation guide.  To start myproxy-server manually as root 
run,

$ myproxy-server

2) Edit sessionMgrProperties.xml in this directory and set the hostname element
to the fully qualified domain name (FQDN) of the MyProxy host OR alternatively 
set the environment variable MYPROXY_SERVER to the FQDN e.g.

export MYPROXY_SERVER=myproxyhost.somewhere.uk

If you use the environment variable it must be set in the shell in which you
run the test Session Manager service - see step 4).

3) Edit sessionMgrClientTest.cfg and set the username for the MyProxy account 
you wish to test: NDG Security uses MyProxy with a PAM plugin to enable
authentication against an external source such as a user database or a UNIX
system account.  The passphrase field can also be filled, or alternatively if
omitted from the file or commented out it will be prompted for from the
command line.  Both test1Connect and test3ConnectNoCreateServerSess fields
should be set.
 
3) Two test Attribute Authority services are required.  These can be run from 
the Attribute Authority unit test directory.  It's path relative to this 
directory is ../attAuthority.  

The Attribute Authorities and Session Manager accept client requests
authenticated based on the MyProxy user credentials obtained in the unit test
test1Connect.  In order to accept these, these services must be configured to 
trust the MyProxy CA.  This can be done by including the MyProxy CA certificate
in the list of trusted CA files in the respective Session Manager and Attribute
Authority configuration files:
 i) Copy the CA certificate from your MyProxy host computer to the ca/ sub-
 directory under THIS directory.
 
 The file will be located on the MyProxy server as e.g.
 
 /etc/grid-security/certificates/abcdef01.0
 
 The exact name of the CA certificate file will be unique to your installation.
 In the above, it is "abcdef01.0".   
 
 ii) edit 'caCertFileList' element in sessionManagerProperties.xml and add a 
 new entry for the MyProxy CA:

 -8<---------------------------------------------------------------------------
    <caCertFileList>
        <caCertFile>$NDGSEC_AACLNT_UNITTEST_DIR/ca/ndg-test-ca.crt</caCertFile>
-->     <caCertFile>$NDGSEC_AACLNT_UNITTEST_DIR/ca/abcdef01.0</caCertFile>
    </caCertFileList>
 -8<---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ammend to the correct setting.  Edit 
 ../attAuthority/siteAAttAuthorityProperties.xml and 
 ../attAuthority/siteBAttAuthorityProperties.xml in the same way add a new 
 entry for the MyProxy CA certificate.
 
 Nb. You can check the MyProxy certificate file independently with OpenSSL:
 
 $ openssl x509 -in  /etc/grid-security/certificates/abcdef01.0 -text

4) Start the Session Manager test service in this directory but from a separate
terminal:

$ python ./server.py

Nb. If you've specified the MyProxy server host with the MYPROXY_SERVER 
environment variable, make sure it's set in this shell.

5) Run the tests with the command:

$ python ./SessionMgrClientTest.py

6) To run individual tests give the test method name:

$ python ./SessionMgrClientTest.py SessionMgrClientTestCase.test1Connect

Finally,
 * See sessionMgrClientTest.cfg configuration file to change test parameters.
 * See the installation guide for MyProxy trouble shooting information.

